# Search engine based on spotify podcast
This project aims to create a search engine which returns relevant podcast episodes from the Spotify Podcast dataset based upon podcast user queries. These queries may represent a user wishing to find a known podcast, an episode which they previously listened to (but cannot remember the name of), or searching based upon a topic. We aim to use metadata to index podcast episodes using PyTerrier’s indexer, which includes stop-word removal and stemming functionality. PyTerrier also provides an experiment function, which we intend to use to test the performance of a variety of models in retrieving relevant podcasts using metadata. Our search engine will then be built using the best-performing model based on mean average precision (MAP) and normalised discounted cumulative gain (NDCG). The finished product will allow users to search for podcasts in the dataset with their own queries.

## Dataset
The Spotify english language dataset consists of 100,000 episodes from different podcast shows on Spotify. The dataset is available for research purposes, it was initially created for use in the the [TREC Podcasts Track](https://trecpodcasts.github.io) shared tasks. To access this dataset, please [request for spotify from spotify](https://podcastsdataset.byspotify.com). Specifically, we aim to use show/episode names and descriptions to identify relevant documents. Ground truth will be labelled from the TREC Podcasts Track 2020 training set. Relevance judgements score podcast sections on a scale of 0-4. We will use these relevance judgements as if they represent the relevance of the entire podcast episode.
